Rename templates (#5078)
RasaHQ/rasa: docs/core/stories.rst

Actions
~~~~~~~
While writing stories, you will encounter two types of actions: utterance actions
and custom actions. Utterance actions are hardcoded messages that a bot can respond
with. Custom actions, on the other hand, involve custom code being executed.

All actions (both utterance actions and custom actions) executed by the bot are shown
as lines starting with ``-`` followed by the name of the action.

> All utterance actions must begin with the prefix ``utter_``, and must match the name

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The responses for utterance actions must begin with the prefix ``utter_``, and must match the name
```
